# Sexually transmitted infections (STI) fact sheet | womenshealth.gov

| STI | Bacterial vaginosis (BV) | Chlamydia | Genital herpes | Gonorrhea | Hepatitis B | HIV/AIDS | Human papillomavirus (HPV) | Pubic lice (sometimes called "crabs") | Syphilis | Trichomoniasis (sometimes called "trich") |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Symptoms | Most women have no symptoms. Women with symptoms may have: Vaginal itching Pain when urinating Discharge with a fishy odor | Most women have no symptoms. Women with symptoms may have: Abnormal vaginal discharge Burning when urinating Bleeding between periodsInfections that are not treated, even if there are no symptoms, can lead to: Lower abdominal pain Low back pain Nausea Fever Pain during sex | Some people may have no symptoms. During an "outbreak," the symptoms are clear: Small red bumps, blisters, or open sores where the virus entered the body, such as on the penis, vagina, or mouth Vaginal discharge Fever Headache Muscle aches Pain when urinating Itching, burning, or swollen glands in genital area Pain in legs, buttocks, or genital area Symptoms may go away and then come back. Sores heal after 2 to 4 weeks. | Symptoms are often mild, but most women have no symptoms. If symptoms are present, they most often appear within 10 days of becoming infected. Symptoms are: Pain or burning when urinating Yellowish and sometimes bloody vaginal discharge Bleeding between periods Pain during sex Heavy bleeding during periodsInfection that occurs in the throat, eye, or anus also might have symptoms in these parts of the body. | Some women have no symptoms. Women with symptoms may have: Low-grade fever Headache and muscle aches Tiredness Loss of appetite Upset stomach or vomiting Diarrhea Dark-colored urine and pale bowel movements Stomach pain Skin and whites of eyes turning yellow | Some women may have no symptoms for 10 years or more. About half of people with HIV get flu-like symptoms about 3 to 6 weeks after becoming infected. Symptoms people can have for months or even years before the onset of AIDS include: Fevers and night sweats Feeling very tired Quick weight loss Headache Enlarged lymph nodes Diarrhea, vomiting, and upset stomach Mouth, genital, or anal sores Dry cough Rash or flaky skin Short-term memory lossWomen also might have these signs of HIV: Vaginal yeast infections and other vaginal infections, including STIs Pelvic inflammatory disease (PID) that does not get better with treatment Menstrual cycle changes | Some women have no symptoms. Women with symptoms may have: Visible warts in the genital area, including the thighs. Warts can be raised or flat, alone or in groups, small or large, and sometimes they are cauliflower-shaped. Growths on the cervix and vagina that are often invisible. | Symptoms include: Itching in the genital area Finding lice or lice eggs | Syphilis progresses in stages. Symptoms of the primary stage are: A single, painless sore appearing 10 to 90 days after infection. It can appear in the genital area, mouth, or other parts of the body. The sore goes away on its own.If the infection is not treated, it moves to the secondary stage. This stage starts 3 to 6 weeks after the sore appears. Symptoms of the secondary stage are: Skin rash with rough, red or reddish-brown spots on the hands and feet that usually does not itch and clears on its own Fever Sore throat and swollen glands Patchy hair loss Headaches and muscle aches Weight loss Tiredness In the latent stage, symptoms go away, but can come back. Without treatment, the infection may or may not move to the late stage. In the late stage, symptoms are related to damage to internal organs, such as the brain, nerves, eyes, heart, blood vessels, liver, bones, and joints. Some people may die. | Many women do not have symptoms. Symptoms usually appear 5 to 28 days after exposure and can include: Yellow, green, or gray vaginal discharge (often foamy) with a strong odor Discomfort during sex and when urinating Itching or discomfort in the genital area Lower abdominal pain (rarely) |