# Table Definitions, Sources, and Explanatory Notes

| Key Terms | All Other | Commercial | Farm | Industrial | Kerosene | Petroleum Administration for Defense District (PADD): | Residential | United States |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Definition | Sales for all other energy-consuming sectors not included elsewhere. | An energy-consuming sector that consists of service-providing facilities and equipment of nonmanufacturing businesses; Federal, State, and local governments; and other private and public organizations, such as religious, social, or fraternal groups. The commercial sector includes institutional living quarters. Common uses of energy associated with this sector include space heating, water heating, air conditioning, lighting, refrigeration, cooking and running a wide variety of other equipment. | An energy-consuming sector that consists of establishments where the primary activity is growing crops and/or raising animals. Energy use by all facilities and equipment at these establishments is included, whether or not it is directly associated with growing crops and/or raising animals. Common types of energy-using equipment include tractors, irrigation pumps, crop dryers, smudge pots, and milking machines. Facility energy use encompasses all structures at the establishment, including the farm house. | An energy-consuming sector that consists of all facilities and equipment used for producing, processing, or assembling goods. The industrial sector encompasses the following types of activity: manufacturing and mining. Overall energy use in this sector is largely for process heat and cooling and powering machinery, with lesser amounts used for facility heating, air conditioning, and lighting. Fossil fuels are also used as raw material inputs to manufactured products. | A petroleum distillate that boils at a temperature between 300 and 550 degrees Fahrenheit, that has a flash point higher than 100 degrees Fahrenheit by ASTM Method D 56, that has a gravity range between 40 to 46 degrees API, and that has a burning point in the range of 150 degrees to 175 degrees Fahrenheit. Included are the two classifications recognized by ASTM Specification D 3699: No. 1-K and No. 2-K, and all grades of kerosene called range or stove oil which have properties similar to No. 1 fuel oil, but with a gravity of about 43 degrees API and a maximum end-point of 625 degrees Fahreneit. Kerosene is used in space heaters, cook stoves, and water heaters and is suitable for use as an illuminant when burned in wick lamps. | PADD 1 (East Coast): PADD 1A (New England): Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, Vermont. PADD 1B (Central Atlantic): Delaware, District of Columbia, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania. PADD 1C (Lower Atlantic): Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, West Virginia. PADD 2 (Midwest): Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Dakota, Tennessee, Wisconsin. PADD 3 (Gulf Coast): Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, Texas. PADD 4 (Rocky Mountain): Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Utah, Wyoming. PADD 5 (West Coast): Alaska (North Slope and Other Mainland), Arizona, California, Hawaii, Nevada, Oregon, Washington. | An energy-consuming sector that consists of living quarters for private households. Common uses of energy associated with this sector include space heating, water heating, air conditioning, lighting, refrigeration, cooking, and running a variety of other appliances. Sales to farmhouses are reported under "Farm" and sales to apartment buildings are reported under "Commercial." | The 50 States and the District of Columbia. |