# Mickey Mouse Works
> Episode list

| # | Summary |
| --- | --- |
| 14 | Pluto Gets The Paper: Vending Machine - Instead of picking the paper up from the ground, Pluto has to balance a quarter and wrestle with a newspaper vending machine . (Note: This short, along with Minnie Takes Care of Pluto , was one of the only two Mouse Works shorts that didn't show up again on House of Mouse for unknown reasons.) Donald's Grizzly Guest - With the rainy season approaching, Humphrey the Bear, dissatisfied with his leaky cave, decides to make camp in Donald's spiffy trailer. Donald's Dynamite: Snowman - Donald has a nice winter outing building a snowman until he discovers that his snowman's head is actually a bomb. Mickey Foils The Phantom Blot - When Von Drake arrives at Mickey, Donald and Goofy's delivery service with a mysterious package that he wants delivered to himself, our heroes smell a mystery. The mystery deepens when the package is stolen by the Phantom Blot. Donald's cold opening accident: Donald attempts the boat and sail again, but this time he is squashed by a whale and sent to the bottom of the sea. Original airdate: November 13, 1999 ( 1999-11-13 ) |
| 15 | Daisy's Road Trip - Mickey and Minnie are considering a quiet drive in the country to see the sunset by themselves, when Daisy happens by and decides to invite herself along. Goofy's Big Kitty - Goofy bring home a new kitty at the same time that a mountain lion has escaped from the zoo. Of course, you know that Goofy will mistake the lion for his kitty. Relaxing With Von Drake - Ludwig Von Drake uses Donald as a guinea pig to demonstrate various methods of stress management. Donald's cold opening accident: Donald unfolds an umbrella which reads "Starring Donald Duck." The umbrella promptly folds, swallowing him up. Original airdate: December 4, 1999 ( 1999-12-04 ) |
| 16 | How To Be A Baseball Fan - Goofy takes time out from being a participant in sport to join the fans in the bleachers. Locksmiths - Mickey, Donald and Goofy in business, this time as locksmiths who cannot even seem to get their own front door open. Minnie Takes Care of Pluto - Mickey drops Pluto off at Minnie's house unexpectedly, so Pluto's conscience convinces him that Minnie is out to do him in. (Note: This short, along with Pluto Gets the Paper: Vending Machine , was one of the only two Mouse Works shorts that didn't show up again on House of Mouse for unknown reasons.) Donald's cold opening accident: Donald floats by in a hot air balloon reading "Starring Donald Duck" which suddenly punctures and deflates leaving Donald stranded in mid-air. Original airdate: January 22, 2000 ( 2000-01-22 ) |
| 17 | Donald's Dynamite: Magic Act - Donald tries to perform a magic act on stage but is continually interrupted by a reappearing bomb. Survival of The Woodchucks - In order to win Junior Woodchucks merit badges, Huey, Dewey and Louie have to negotiate a difficult survival course. But then they discover that Donald, their scoutleader, never finished the course himself. Mickey's Rival Returns - Mickey tries for a relaxing day at the beach and maybe a date with Minnie afterwards, but his day is ruined by the return of Mortimer Mouse, an old rival for Minnie's affection. Mickey And The Seagull - Each tugboat is the fleet is assigned a seagull from the flock. Even Mickey's, who gets a replacement when his regular one begins using a wheelchair following an accident. Donald's cold opening accident: Donald brings down a steel plate which reads "Starring Donald Duck. He rivets this over the regular logo, but not well enough as the plate falls over, flattening him into his hard hat. Original airdate: February 19, 2000 ( 2000-02-19 ) |
| 18 | Goofy's Radio - Goofy decides to escape the pressures of big-city life and take a vacation at Brownstone Park. He takes his radio with him, which has a curious effect on Louie, the Mountain Lion. Car Washers - The terrific trio go into business washing cars, and who should their first customer be but Pete. Unfortunately, they also have a fairly destructive washing machine Pluto's Seal Deal - Pluto is given the responsibility to guard a package that is being delivered for Mickey. But instead of the cappuccino machine he's expecting, he gets to take charge of Salty, the Seal. Donald's cold opening accident: Donald attempts to bring down a series of stage curtains with his name, but is pelted with tomatoes and rotten vegetables before he can. Original airdate: March 11, 2000 ( 2000-03-11 ) |
| 19 | Mickey's Mixed Nuts - While Minnie is short of nuts, Chip and Dale have only golf balls. Mickey and the chipmunks head to the store competing for the last batch of nuts. Goofy's Extreme Sports: Shark Feeding - Goofy dons scuba gear and an anti-shark cage to go underwater and feed the sharks. Mickey's Mountain - The first person to the top of "unnamed mountain" gets to give it a name. Mickey wants to claim it in the name of Minnie, but has to race Pete to the top. Computer Don - A technologically behind-the-times Donald is coerced by Daisy into buying a computer, or be labeled a "dweeb." Donald's cold opening accident: Donald rides by on a stagecoach which reads "Starring Donald Duck" on the side. The donkey, however, gets mad and kicks Donald and the coach offscreen. Original airdate: April 15, 2000 ( 2000-04-15 ) |
| 20 | Donald's Halloween Scare - Donald scares the candy out of Huey, Dewey and Louie's trick or treat bags, so naturally, they have to retaliate. Donald's Lighthouse - Donald attempts to rid his lighthouse of a rather stubborn pelican. How Yo Take Care of Your Yard - Goofy learns to take care of his yard, throughout the four seasons. Donald's cold opening accident: Donald lays train track and brings in a train car which reads "Starring Donald Duck." But another set of tracks gets laid in front of it, and another train comes through which runs him down. Original airdate: May 20, 2000 ( 2000-05-20 ) |
| 21 | Pluto Gets The Paper: Mortimer - Mortimer (Mickey's rival) shows up again to try to steal Mickey's paper when Pluto is sent out to retrieve it. Minnie Visits Daisy - Minnie decides to visit Daisy and bring one of her "famous" apple pies, but cannot seem to get Daisy's attention when she comes knocking on the door. How To Wash Dishes - Despite the title, this short features Goofy as a travel-hound while charging everything on his new charge card. Well, maybe the title is correct after all. Domesticated Donald - Shelby the turtle returns as Donald is forced to serve as babysitter to the hyperactive youngster. Donald's cold opening accident: Donald rolls out a magic disappearing box, shuts the curtains (which read "Duck Works"), but when he opens them, an upset Louie the Mountain Lion has appeared. Original airdate: June 10, 2000 ( 2000-06-10 ) |
| 22 | Mickey's Mix-Up - Mickey buys a new fax machine. His first few faxes are a nasty one to Mortimer and a sweet one to Minnie. But when he suspects that the faxes have gotten switched, he has to secretly try to get the nasty fax back from Minnie before she reads it. Whitewater Donald - Donald tries to go fishing, taking Daisy along, who is under the impression that they are going on a romantic date. Mickey's Christmas Chaos - Mickey gets into a Christmas decorating contest with next-door neighbor Mortimer. Donald's cold opening accident: Donald rides by in a Goodyear type blimp with an electronic sign that reads "Duck Works." The sign begins to spark, shorts out and fries the blimp. Original airdate: October 28, 2000 ( 2000-10-28 ) |
| 23 | Donald's Fish Fry - Humphrey the Bear is told to get a big fish to get him through the coming winter season, but mistakenly snags the one that Donald has on the end of his line. Presto Pluto - Pluto is again in competition with Butch for Dinah's affections when he accidentally swallows a magic wand. Mickey's Cabin - Mickey is snowbound with Pete and his cousin Zeke who have stolen an automated teller machine . Donald's cold opening accident: Donald floats by in a hot air balloon which reads "Starring Donald Duck." The balloon releases out the bottom and blows him away. Original airdate: November 4, 2000 ( 2000-11-04 ) |
| 24 | Pluto Gets The Paper: Vending Machine - Instead of picking the paper up from the ground, Pluto has to balance a quarter and wrestle with a newspaper vending machine. (Note: This short, along with Pluto Gets the Paper: Vending MachineMinnie Takes Care of Pluto , was one of the only two Mouse Works shorts that didn't show up again on House of Mouse for unknown reasons.) Mickey's Answering Service - Mickey, Donald and Goofy try business together one more time as the owners of a telephone answering service. Pluto's Magic Paws - Mickey mistakenly picks up a pair of magic gloves from the dry cleaners instead of his regular gloves. When Pluto is left at home with them, disaster breaks out. Mickey's Big Break - When Donald and Mickey break a picture of Minnie and Daisy by playing football in the house, they go to extreme lengths to try to replace it. Donald's cold opening accident: Donald rolls in a huge cake which reads "Starring Donald Duck." But Clarabelle pops out of it, grabbing Donald and kissing him into a frenzy. Original airdate: November 18, 2000 ( 2000-11-18 ) |
| 25 | Bird Brained Donald - Donald again attempts to get a picture of the elusive and maniacal Aracuan Bird. How To Be A Gentleman - In order to join a ritzy country club, Goofy must learn to dress and behave like a proper gentleman. Donald's Pool - Donald's relaxing day by the pool is crashed by Mrs. Turtle, who only wants to sunbathe and Shelby who as usual, only wants to cause trouble. (Note: This is the only standard-length Mouse Works short to be shown in two different episodes of House of Mouse .) Donald's cold opening accident: Donald spray paints the words "Starring Donald Duck" over the official logo, but is then arrested for vandalism. Original airdate: December 9, 2000 ( 2000-12-09 ) |