# Timeline of the 2006 transatlantic aircraft plot
> Mid August

| British Airports As cancellations and delays gripped Britain's major airports for a sixth day, the head of British Airways threatened to sue BAA , the country's largest airport operator, for financial compensation. Meanwhile, air service nudged closer to normal at major London airports, but British Airways said it canceled 35 flights from Heathrow and another 11 at Gatwick. [6] Britain's Home Secretary John Reid is to host a meeting with a number of European Union interior ministers in London to talk about how the foiled plot on 10 August will affect airline security and anti-terror policies across the continent. Reid is also expected to urge closer cooperation between nations to deal with the increasing danger. [7] The removal of two young British Asians from a holiday flight because fellow passengers were suspicious of them has been condemned by British parliamentarians. The men, thought to be in their 20s, were on a Monarch Airlines flight from Málaga , Spain to Manchester . Some passengers refused to board the plane unless the two were removed, according to the UK Press Association. Birmingham MP Khalid Mahmood said he thought what happened "is hugely irrational and people need to get their senses back into order." A Monarch Airlines spokesman told Britain's Guardian newspaper the two men attracted attention because they apparently were acting suspiciously. He declined to say what they had done. "The flight attendants were sufficiently concerned to alert the crew, who in turn informed the security authorities at Málaga airport," the spokesman said. The flight was delayed for three hours after Spanish police removed the two men and searched the aircraft and luggage for explosives. The pair flew to Manchester on a later flight. The incident coincided with a warning from Metropolitan Police Chief Superintendent Ali Dizaei that Britain was in danger of creating a new offence of "traveling whilst Asian," the PA reported. Dizaei, one of the UK's most senior Muslim police officers, said intelligence based on ethnicity, religion and country of origin was "hugely problematic." But the UK's Police Federation, which represents rank-and-file police officers, said profiling had already been used to stop football hooligans traveling to Germany for the World Cup in June, the PA reported. [8] |
| --- |
| The arrested British judge has allowed police to continue holding 23 of the 24 suspects through next week, Metropolitan Police said late in the day. The ruling gives police the authority to hold two of the suspects until 21 August, and the rest until 23 August. Afterwards, Scotland Yard said that a person arrested on 15 August as part of its investigation was released without charge, The Associated Press reports. Today's ruling was largely a procedural move. Under British anti-terrorism laws, police can hold suspects for up to 28 days without filing charges, but they must put the detention before a judge periodically. The hearing was held behind closed doors and attended only by the suspects' lawyers, investigators and government officials, The Associated Press reports. Experts say the primary reason police could use nearly a month to complete a probe is because of the complexity of investigations into the alleged plot to smuggle liquid explosives hidden in hand luggage aboard flights. "You've got laptops. You have to bring in translators to translate all the documents in there. And sometimes it's inopportune to release all your suspects -- particularly terrorism suspects -- while all that is being downloaded and translated," Cliff Knuckey, a retired police detective who has worked on terrorism investigations, told the Associated Press. "Terrorism investigations are different, simply because you're dealing with people who will do their best not to compromise their plans and who will do anything not to be compromised." [6] Previously, police were able to detain people suspected of terrorism offences for 14 days only. But the new legislation, which became law earlier in 2006, also created new offences, including preparing a terrorist act, giving or receiving terrorist training, and selling or spreading terrorist publications. [6] Prime Minister Tony Blair failed to receive parliamentary approval for his own plan to interrogate terrorist suspects for up to 90 days. [6] Authorities said the suspects plotted to use liquid explosives to blow up as many as 10 trans-Atlantic flights, using commercial electronic devices as detonators. [6] Home Secretary John Reid , Britain's top law-and-order official, acknowledged that some suspects would likely not be charged with major criminal offences but said there was mounting evidence of a "substantial nature" to back the allegations. His comments came after meeting with the French, German and Finnish interior ministers, Nicolas Sarkozy , Wolfgang Schäuble and Kari Rajamaki , respectively, and EU Commission Vice President Franco Frattini . They later announced the allocation of $235,000 (€220,000 or £200,000) to research the best ways to detect liquid-based explosives. [6] Two top Pakistani intelligence agents said that the would-be bombers wanted to carry out an al Qaeda-style attack to mark the fifth anniversary of the 11 September strikes but were too "inexperienced" to carry out the plot, AP reports. The agents, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said that if the terror cell members arrested in Pakistan and Britain had appropriate weapons and explosives training, they could have emulated attacks like the ones on 11 September 2001. The detainees in Britain and Pakistan had not attended terror-training camps in Pakistan or Afghanistan and had relied on information gleaned from text books on how to make bombs, the officials said, according to AP. [6] |
| Aviation related terror alerts A 59-year-old woman caused a security scare when she allegedly passed notes to crew members, urinated on the floor and made comments the crew believed were references to al Qaeda and the 11 September attacks on the London-to-Washington flight. United 923, with 182 passengers and 12 crew members, was diverted to Boston and landed safely—with two fighter jets escorting it—after the pilot declared an emergency on board. [9] |