# Timeline of the 2006 transatlantic aircraft plot
> Mid August

| British Airports British Airways said it planned to operate a full service. [11] A British passenger plane to Egypt diverted to a southern Italian airport after the pilot reported that a bomb was suspected to be on board, Italian aviation officials said. Authorities searching the plane found a handwritten note in English that said there was a bomb on the plane, Salvatore De Paolis, a spokesman for border police at the airport, told SKY TG 24 television news. All 280 passengers were safe and had exited the plane, state police at the airport said. The Excel Airways Boeing 767 requested an emergency landing in Brindisi because of what was described as a suspected bomb, the Italian air traffic agency ENAV said. The plane was flying from London's Gatwick airport to Hurghada , Egypt, ENAV said. Italy's Air Force said it had sent an F-16 to intercept the plane before it landed. Excel spokeswoman Jane Sebuliba said the landing was "a precautionary diversion" and declined further comment, saying Excel planned to say more soon. [9] Budget airline Ryanair threatened to take legal action against the British government unless it meets three demands for relaxing airport security and improving staffing at overstretched airports within the next seven days. The airline, which canceled scores of flights and suffered a 10 percent drop in weekly bookings because of the terror alert that raised security levels on 10 August, wants the government to return passenger search requirements to pre-alert levels. It also wants the government to restore the hand luggage allowance for passengers leaving British airports and an assurance that military and police personnel would be released to help with airport security checks next time there is a major security alert. Ryanair chief executive Michael O'Leary said the carrier has sent a letter to Transport Secretary Douglas Alexander informing him of its demands. [12] The Transport Department said that the current security regime was necessary because of the level of the security threat, which remains at high, and is kept under constant review. "We have no intention of compromising security levels nor do we anticipate changing our requirements in the next seven days," it said. The department added that the action taken last week was under the Aviation Security Act 1982, so Ryanair wouldn't be entitled to any compensation. Ryanair says that wasn't made clear and it intends to use the Transport Act 2000 for legal action if it goes ahead. O'Leary declined to say how much compensation the airline would seek from the government, but said the alert had so far cost the carrier "a couple of million" euros in canceled flights and lost bookings. He rejected analyst forecasts that Ryanair faced a €10 million($12.8 million, £9.5 million) hit, saying the short-term cost was likely to be "a couple of million euros" and the long-term impact would be immaterial. "If the security procedures are returned to normal within another seven days, then Ryanair will not make any claim against the government," he added. [9] In another blow, the GMB Union said Swissport baggage handlers and check-in staff plan to strike during the end of August holiday weekend at Stansted airport . Swissport provides services to Ryanair and easyJet and some charter airlines operating at Stansted—representing about 80 percent of the passenger traffic at Britain's third-busiest airport. [9] O'Leary was particularly critical of the fact that passengers may now carry a large briefcase, but not a small wheeled case, which he claimed was just 20 percent larger than the allowed briefcase. The issue is a problem for Ryanair because the carrier began charging customers in January for each bag they checked as part of a plan to get passengers to take only what they could carry. The airline temporarily waived its €2.50 ($3.20, £2.95) fee for each carryon bag that unexpectedly had to be checked, but has since reintroduced it. [9] Virgin Atlantic , which is jointly owned by Richard Branson 's Virgin Group and Singapore Airlines , said it was asking the British government to pay for airport security in Britain, although it is not considering suing the government. Paul Charles, a spokesman for the airline, said the government already pays for transport police to patrol Britain's railways and therefore it should also pay for airport security. Currently, the bill for security is taken by the airport operators and airlines, and some of the cost is likely passed on to passengers. [9] |
| --- |
| Pakistan Rashid Rauf , whose detention in Pakistan was the trigger for the arrest of 23 suspects in Britain, has been accused of taking orders from Al Qaeda’s ‘No3’ in Afghanistan and sending money back to the UK to allow the alleged bombers to buy plane tickets. But after two weeks of interrogation, an inch-by-inch search of his house and analysis of his home computer, officials are now saying that his extradition is ‘a way down the track’ if it happens at all. It comes amid wider suspicions that the plot may not have been as serious, or as far advanced, as the authorities initially claimed. Analysts suspect Pakistani authorities exaggerated Rauf’s role to appear ‘tough on terrorism’ and impress Britain and America. A spokesman for Pakistan’s Interior Ministry last night admitted that ‘extradition at this time is not under consideration’. [13] |