# Adobe Encore
> Releases

| Version | Release Date | Changes |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1.0.0 | Unknown | • Initial release |
| 1.0.1 | 2003.12.17 | • Improvements have been made to eliminate the occurrence of "DVD Error -224" errors during the writing and/or erasing of DVD media. • Several "DVD Error -19013" sources have been identified and fixed. • An "Unknown Error (DVD Error -1)" that occurred when writing to DVD after adding video and audio to a motion menu no longer happens. • A "DVD Error -1" that could occur if you repositioned chapter points on a timeline containing still images no longer happens. • Several "Abnormal Condition" errors have been identified and fixed. • A runtime error that sometimes occurred when saving on a hyperthreading system no longer happens. • Projects containing pasted subtitle clips no longer cause the error "EditOnDisc disc in inconsistent state. (DVD Error -31000)" when written to DVD. • Timecode values greater than one hour are now calculated correctly. • Duplicated timelines now also include subtitle tracks. • Subtitle text attributes are now maintained when pasted into a new subtitle clip. • If a DVD is stopped, you no longer have to eject it to start playback again: Hitting the Play button after a complete stop will now correctly begin playback at the first title on the DVD. • Duplicating a rendered menu with animated buttons no longer causes the error "Stream requested does not exist. (DVD Error -19803)" when you build a DVD. • The error "End of file (DVD Error -16072)" no longer occurs when you build a DVD after unchecking Animate Buttons on a menu that has audio. • Motion menus have had several improvements. • Working with MPEG files in timelines has been improved. • CSS and Macrovision settings are now cleared when you set CGMS to "Unlimited copies are allowed" in the Project Settings dialog box. |
| 1.5.0 | ca 2004.06 | • Released as a separate program from 1.0/1.0.1, meaning users had to buy another licence • Adobe Photoshop CS integration: Edit menus in Photoshop CS and see your changes immediately in Adobe Encore. Experience full support for Photoshop CS, including nested layer sets and non-square pixels. • Enhanced Library palette: Organize individual text layers, vector shapes, background layers, and layer sets — in addition to buttons, images, and menu templates — in the enhanced Library palette. Even create your own custom library sets. • Styles palette: Easily apply styles to your DVD project menus using the new Styles palette. Use the supplied styles or create your own by simply dragging them from the Menu Editor. • Check Project: Verify your project at any time during production. Adobe Encore checks navigation, bit rates, and subtitles for problems and presents the results in a sortable list. • Custom workspaces: Configure window arrangements for specific tasks and then save them for future use. Use preset window arrangements to quickly reset windows for specific jobs such as timeline editing or menu creation. • QuickTime file support: Take advantage of a broader choice of import options with new support for QuickTime. • Background transcoding: Carry on working without interruption while source files are transcoded in the background. • Menu Editor enhancements: Take advantage of full support for Photoshop CS guides to ensure precise layout and alignment of items in the Menu Editor. • Enhanced marker support: Experience a stronger integrated workflow — Adobe Encore now creates chapter points from markers in AVI and MPEG-2 files created in Adobe Premiere Pro 1.5 and After Effects 6.5 software. • User operations control: Disable or enable the viewer's remote control operations in specific sections of a DVD — for example, to ensure display of mandatory content such as copyright notices. |
| 1.5.1 | 2004.11.30 | • Adds support for dual-layered DVD burners • Allows burning a project to a dual layered disc • Subtitles over images in a 16x9 timeline will now show on set-top DVD players set to widescreen mode. • The DVD burn speed now displays correctly on DVD burners. • The title button designation is no longer overridden by the "Return to Last Menu" setting. • Projects can now be opened after deleting or renaming the ROM folder. • In Preview mode, subtitles now show after the layer break in a dual-layer project. |
| 2.0.0 | 2006.1.23 | Available only as a bundle with Adobe Premiere Pro CS2 |
| 3.0.0 | 2007.7.1 | • Runs on Intel-Based Macs • Adds support for the Blu-ray Format • Allows projects to be exported to Flash • DVD menus can be created and edited in Adobe Photoshop using special layering techniques • No longer available retail or trial as a standalone product • Available only as a bundle with Adobe Premiere Pro CS3 |
| 4.0.0 | 2008.10.15 | • Files are automatically transcoded to MPEG-2 video and Dolby Digital audio • Blu-ray Discs can be created with popup menus • Available only as a bundle with Adobe Premiere Pro CS4 |
| 5.0.0 | 2010.04.30 | • Available only as a bundle with Adobe Premiere Pro CS5 |
| 6.0.0 | 2012.04.23 | • Available only as a bundle with Adobe Premiere Pro CS6 • Native 64 bit application (32 bit OS is no longer supported) • Adobe Integration with Adobe Premiere Pro, After Effects, Photoshop, Illustrator, and Adobe Audition • Background batch encoding • DTS HD Digital Audio encoding [1] |