# Durrani dynasty
> List of rulers

| Name of Amir | Reign | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Ahmad Shah Durrani | 1747–1772 | Born as Ahmad Khan between 1722 and 1723 in either Multan , Mughal India , or the city of Herat , in Afghanistan . [15] His father, Mohammad Zaman Khan, was Governor of Herat Province and chief of the Abdalis . During the war between Safavids and the Afghans, his father and grandfather were both killed in a battle, and the young Ahmad Khan fled south to take refuge in Kandahar with the Ghilzais . [16] During his teenage years, Ahmad Khan and his elder brother, Zulfikar Khan, were imprisoned by Hussain Hotaki , the last Ghilzai ruler of the Hotaki dynasty . In 1738, during the Siege of Kandahar , Ahmad Khan was released by Nader Shah of Khorasan and made to lead 4,000 Abdali soldiers. This was due to Ahmad Khan's family background and the fact that he and Nader Shah were both from the historical Khorasan region. |
| Timur Shah Durrani | 1772–1793 | Most of his reign was spent fighting a civil war and resisting rebellion; Timur was even forced to move his capital from Kandahar to Kabul due to insurgency. He proved an ineffectual ruler, during his reign the Durrani empire began to crumble. He is notable for having had 24 sons, several of whom became rulers of the Durrani Empire. |
| Zaman Shah Durrani | 1793–1801 | After the death of Timur Shah, three of his sons, the governors of Kandahar, Herat and Kabul, contended for the succession. Zaman Shah , governor of Kabul, held the field by virtue of being in control of the capital, and became shah at the age of twenty-three. Many of his half-brothers were imprisoned on their arrival in the capital for the purpose, ironically, of electing a new shah. The quarrels among Timur's descendants that threw Afghanistan into turmoil also provided the pretext for the intervention of outside forces. The efforts of the Sadozai heirs of Timur to impose a true monarchy on the truculent Pashtun tribes, and their efforts to rule absolutely and without the advice of the other major Pashtun tribal leaders, were ultimately unsuccessful. The Sikhs became particularly troublesome, and after several unsuccessful efforts to subdue them, Zaman Shah made the mistake of appointing a forceful young Sikh chief, Ranjit Singh , as his governor of the Punjab region. This "one-eyed" warrior would later become an implacable enemy of Pashtun rulers in Afghanistan. Zaman's downfall was triggered by his attempts to consolidate power. Although it had been through the support of the Barakzai chief, Painda Khan Barakzai, that he had come to the throne, Zaman soon began to remove prominent Barakzai leaders from positions of power and replace them with men of his own lineage, the Sadozai. This upset the delicate balance of Durrani tribal politics that Ahmad Shah had established and may have prompted Painda Khan and other Durrani chiefs to plot against the shah. Painda Khan and the chiefs of the Nurzai and the Alizai Durrani clans were executed, as was the chief of the Qizilbash clan. Painda Khan's son fled to Iran and pledged the substantial support of his Barakzai followers to a rival claimant to the throne, Zaman's older brother, Mahmud Shah . The clans of the chiefs Zaman had executed joined forces with the rebels, and they took Kandahar without bloodshed. |
| Mahmud Shah Durrani | 1801–1803 | Zeman Shah's overthrow in 1801 was not the end of civil strife in Afghanistan, but the beginning of even greater violence. Mahmud Shah's first reign lasted for only two years before he was replaced by Shuja Shah. |
| Shuja Shah Durrani | 1803–1809 | Yet another of Timur Shah's sons, Shuja Shah (or Shah Shuja), ruled for only six years. On 7 June 1809, Shuja Shah signed a treaty with the British , which included a clause stating that he would oppose the passage of foreign troops through his territories. This agreement, the first Afghan pact with a European power, stipulated joint action in case of Franco -Persian aggression against Afghan or British dominions. Only a few weeks after signing the agreement, Shuja was deposed by his predecessor, Mahmud. Much later, he was reinstated by the British, ruling during 1839–1842. Two of his sons also ruled for a brief period in 1842. |
| Mahmud Shah Durrani | 1809–1818 (second reign) | Mahmud's second reign lasted nine years. Mahmud alienated the Barakzai, especially Fateh Khan, the son of Painda Khan, who was eventually seized and blinded. Revenge would later be sought and obtained by Fateh Khan's youngest brother, Dost Mohammad Khan . |
| Ali Shah Durrani | 1818–1819 | Ali Shah was another son of Timur Shah . He seized power for a brief period in 1818–19. |
| Ayub Shah Durrani | 1819–1823 | Ayub Shah was another son of Timur Shah, who deposed Sultan Ali Shah. He was himself later deposed, and presumably killed in 1823. The loss of Kashmir during his reign opened a new chapter in South Asian history. |
| Shuja Shah Durrani | 1839–1842 (second reign) | He was declared as Amir with help and support from the British but was deposed by Akbar Khan in 1842. |