# Timeline of the 2006 transatlantic aircraft plot
> September

| European Union Aviation experts agreed on EU-wide rules on scanning laptop computers taken into aircraft cabins, but they delayed a decision on restricting liquids in hand luggage. A decision to follow Britain and the United States in banning carry-on liquids will only be taken after more technical discussions 11 September 2006 in London and Montreal , the European Union said in a statement. "A common European response to address this threat is urgent," said the EU's committee on civil aviation security. The EU statement said the two-day meeting had made "considerable progress" toward drawing up new rules. However officials said more technical talks would be needed before they agree on whether to ban all liquids in carryon luggage or restrict the amount of liquid that could be carried on planes. Officials said they needed more information to decide how much liquid could be carried without constituting a possible risk. European technical specialists will meet in London on 11 September 2006, and a five-day meeting of international experts will open on the same day in Montreal. Pending those talks, the EU nations also held off on any decision on new limits to the size of permitted hand luggage. [27] |
| --- |
| European airports Many European airports already ask passengers to remove laptop computers to be scanned separately, but until now there has been no EU-wide regulation. The EU statement said the decision to make separate scanning mandatory would "increase the ability of screeners to detect capability of concealed dangerous items." The experts also agreed on the need to phase in higher performance scanners. A spokeswoman for an organization representing several of Europe's biggest airlines welcomed the decisions. "It's a very good idea, we're glad it's been implemented swiftly," said Francoise Humbert, communications manager of the Association of European Airlines . She was also pleased the EU was seeking more international consultation before introducing restrictions on liquids. The AEA, which represents 31 European carriers, said it would support strict restrictions on carrying liquids and gels onto passenger planes, but oppose a complete prohibition. "We don't want a total ban, that would be unrealistic," Humbert said in a telephone interview. "It will cause huge operational problems and hassle for passengers." She said the association would accept a size limit of around 150 milliliters - around the size of a toothpaste tube or small deodorant. [27] |