# List of Coronation Street home video releases
> Network releases

| Year | Episodes |
| --- | --- |
| 1990 | Deirdre Barlow throws Ken out after finding out about his affair with Wendy Crozier . Derek Wilton arrives home to find Victor massaging his wife Mavis ' feet. Ken and Mike Baldwin come to blows in The Rovers, and Gail Tilsley tells her mother Audrey she is going to have an abortion. Ken begins teaching at Weatherfield Comprehensive School. Vera Duckworth has an argument with Des and Steph Barnes and in anger breaks the Wiltons' window. Don Brennan orders his wife Ivy to stop with the Spiritualism, and Deirdre tells Ken she will stop the divorce if Ken moves out of the street. Sally Webster and goes into labour in Don's taxi, and Ken attempts suicide. |
| 1991 | Des and Steph Barnes drift further apart, and Alf Roberts is asked to run for council. Curly Watts falls into Angie's arms after his wife, Raquel , finishes with him. Deirdre Barlow applies for a vacancy with Mike Baldwin , Steve McDonald tells Steph he won't pass his re-sits. Audrey Roberts leaves Alf, and Jack and Vera Duckworth try to make a creative insurance claim. Jackie finds out about Mike's deception and goes a little gun crazy, and Percy Sugden tries to sabotage Emily Bishop 's plans to sell her house. The residents gather to watch the carnival, and Gail Tilsley refuses to marry Martin Platt . Gail marries Martin, and Don Brennan is aggressive towards his wife Ivy , Liz McDonald tells her husband Jim they should have the baby, and Ken Barlow and Alma Halliwell 's weekend trip does not go to plan. Alma is shocked and appalled at how Mike has manipulated everyone to get into her bed, Curly ruins Christmas dinner by cooking the turkey with the Giblets inside. |
| 1992 | Raquel Watts tells her hubby Curly she is now homeless, Liz McDonald fears for her son Steve 's life and goes into premature labour. Reg and Alf Roberts receive mystery Valentine's Day cards, Mavis Wilton confesses she cannot bear to see her husband Derek working with Angela Hawthorne . Terry arrives at St Mary's in handcuffs but after Vera Duckworth persuades the guards to remove them for photos he takes his chance and escapes custody. Alma Halliwell marries Mike Baldwin , Don Brennan is suicidal after leaving Ivy and being dumped by Julie he drives a suicidal speed along a country road. Curly contacts a dating agency. Don gets out of hospital and moves to a B&B, Ivy is convinced he is still with Julie. Rita Sullivan 's devastated when Ted dies at the Bowls match. Lisa Duckworth goes into labour and is taken to hospital by Vera. Denise Osbourne moves into the hair salon at No 2, Sally Webster notices Carmel had a crush on Martin Platt , Deirdre tells her daughter Tracy that Mark is Mike's son. Martin unwittingly climbs into bed with Carmel, Alf Roberts collapses clutching his chest, Ken and Deirdre ask Tracy not to tell Mark who his father is. |
| 1993 | Lisa Duckworth and Des Barnes seem to be very happy but tragedy awaits Lisa after a trip to The Rovers, Angie cannot live with Curly Watts anymore so moves out. Denise Osbourne is shocked when Neil states he can't wait to divorce her, Sally Webster warns Gail Platt that Carmel is obsessed by her husband Martin , Gail then confronts Carmel. Maureen and Reg try to get some time away from Maud. Alf Roberts refuses to sell up convinced his wife Audrey only wants his money. Vera Duckworth is caught shoplifting, Mavis Wilton is shocked when she discovers her husband Derek being massaged by Raquel Watts . Emily Bishop realises when Brendon collapses in the shop he is having a heart attack , Audrey confesses to Gail she is terrified of the thought of every day with Alf. Maureen walks out of Bettabuys and later drunkenly makes a pass at Curly, Tanya Pooley starts at The Rovers, Mike Baldwin is spending a fortune on his son Mark and his wife Alma is not happy. Tanya cruelly sets up Raquel on a phony modelling shoot. Reg regrets letting Maureen go and tries to make amends. Ivy Brennan tells Gail that her husband Don is pestering Denise, Audrey gets drunk at Bet Lynch 's party and passes out, Jack Duckworth punches his son Terry after discovering he has sold the baby. |
| 1994 | Maureen and Reg get married, Maud goes missing, Bet Lynch arrives late in Charlie's lorry, Steve McDonald and Mike Baldwin become more unpleasant to one another. Sally Webster tells Rita Sullivan that she is pregnant and terrified of her husband Kevin 's reaction, Derek Wilton 's mental health deteriorates and he rips new paper from the walls. Mavis Wilton is shocked to hear Derek begging for a job cleaning taxis and is forced to suggest he works for Angela Hawthorne , Jack Duckworth refuses to come off the roof. Raquel Watts finds out about Des Barnes and Tanya Pooley 's affair, Alex fires Des and Tanya. Tanya quickly devises a new scheme. Bet kicks Tanya out, Samir Rachid starts work at the Casablanca, Curly Watts looks after Raquel. Derek and Mavis are distraught when Harry the budgie dies, the Websters are delighted with their new baby girl, Mike threatens to take Steve to court. Curly proposes to Raquel, Betty Williams proudly wears the mayoral chains. Jon is undecided about the salon. Samir wants Deirdre Barlow to return to Morocco with him, Jack is put out when his wife Vera only gets him cigarettes for Christmas. |
| 1995 | Denise Osbourne and Ken Barlow name their new baby Daniel , Mike Baldwin refuses to sell them No 1. Raquel Watts is forced to agree with Des Barnes that marrying Curly Watts would be a mistake. Sean tells Fiona how he took Steve McDonald 's money at the dogs, Reg's wig causes chaos for Maureen, Mike is furious with his wife Alma for buying a new sports car. Gail and Martin Platt find themselves holidaying with the Duckworths, Tracy Barlow is depressed at a life on Dialysis, Derek and Mavis Wilton have Gnome problems. Samir Rachid is beaten almost to death and Deirdre is told he will never recover, Steve has problems with a debt collector, Derek buys cement to keep Arthur in place. Bet Lynch and Rita Sullivan argue about her buying into The Rovers, Des finds Maxine Heavey to clingy, Mavis offers to buy The Kabin from Rita. Bet leaves Coronation Street. Don Brennan drives Alf and Audrey Roberts down to London for Alf to collect his O.B.E. Alf arrives but Audrey arrives late after a row with Don and cannot get in. Raquel realises Des in only interested in sex, Audrey is still not speaking to Alf after the O.B.E incident, Rita is furious with Sally Webster for giving money to Bill. Rita apologises to Bill, Mavis urges Derek not to jeopardise his job with Norris Cole , Curly is sworn in as a Square Dealer, Steve and wife Vicky have money problems. |
| 1996 | Ken Barlow learns of Denise Osbourne 's affair with Brian and throws her out, Tricia Armstrong is taken to prison and Jamie into care, Steve McDonald promises his wife Vicky he will stay straight. After an army reunion, Jim McDonald reacts violently to his wife Liz after she confesses a past affair, Gail Platt confides in Alma Baldwin about a past affair as well. Andy McDonald and Anne Malone argue about Liz and Jim, Roy Cropper takes charge of the menfolk at the races and they end up buying a horse. Fred Elliott re-employs his son, Ashley , Jim and Liz are united at Steve's trial, Rita Sullivan is annoyed she has no influence over Fred. Fiona Middleton refuses to see Steve in prison as they have no future, Tricia tells Sally Webster she needs to find Terry Duckworth as she is pregnant with his child. Claire is pleased when Becky says she likes Des Barnes , Maureen and Bill Webster have a romantic evening, Ashley moves into No 5. Tracy Barlow and Robert Preston marry, Curly Watts tells his wife Raquel he knows she never loved him. Don Brennan is overcome with smoke in the garage is rescued by Martin Platt and Kevin Webster . Jack Duckworth fears Alec Gilroy has designs on his wife Vera . |
| 1997 | Don Brennan tells Ashley he was joking about setting fire to the factory, Mavis is devastated at her Birthday party with news of Derek's death. Alma has a night of terror in the back of Don's cab, Jim tries to get Andy to stop drinking, Don crashes the cab with Alma in it into the canal. Sally finds out about Kevin and Natalie, She is also hurt that Rita knew of the affair but kept it from her. Janice orders Leanne to get a job, Percy discusses with Emily, Mavis, Ken and Curly how to deal with the Battersby family. Sally and Natalie have a catfight on the cobbles, Fred is anxious before the wedding. Steve decides to leave the street. Fred has shut himself away drinking, Don kidnaps Mike who he intends to kill but its not Mike who dies. Steve cannot believe Jim slept with Fiona, Jim drunkenly disrupts Fiona's wedding to Alan to beg her to be with him. Sally tells Kevin to fiddle the books so Natalie will get no profit, Deirdre discovers the truth about Jon, Spider discovers an endangered plant |
| 1998 | Vera finds herself trapped upstairs, Alma is tired of having Hayley follow her everywhere, Nick and Leanne set off for Gretna Green. Hayley has a revelation for Roy, Samantha opens her heart to Chris. Spider causes trouble for Curly at Firman's. Chris tells Sally he will drop Samantha for her, Deirdre is told it will be her or Jon that goes to jail, Ken has to talk to the police when Bab's dies. Sally tells Kevin she never encouraged Chris, Deirdre is sentenced to 18 months and Jon gets off. Audrey is upset at how old she looks in her campaign photos, Hayley decided to go back to England with Roy. Toyah goes through a terrifying ordeal in London and then bound and gagged she is taken to Epping Forest. Anne's frozen body is discovered by Spider, Des proposes to Natalie and she accepts. Des undergoes surgery but dies after, Natalie is disgusted when Tony tells the police he was a victim of violent thieves. |
| 1999 | Audrey discovers Alf dead in his chair, Sally escapes Greg and is rescued by Nick, Greg escapes with all the money he can find in No 5. Natalie is baffled when Rita accuses her of taking pleasure in ruining other peoples lives, Sharon is determined to press on with her wedding to Ian. Roy and Hayley are married in the Cafe, Julia moves out of the flat and Mike receives photos of them in bed together. Sally and her girls are held hostage by Greg to get money from Mike, Greg gets increasingly more violent when the police smash into no 13 he tries to grab Sophie. Deirdre is shocked by Ken's menial job, Linda and Alma exchange angry words, Fred and Audry have a horrifying time when they take Sydney out for a drive. Judy is found dead in her back yard. Emily tries to comfort the twins, Sharon comes round after taking some pills and is filled with disgust. Mike is help overnight in a police cell, The Freshco team stumble across the moors, Fred twists his ankle, Nita successfully challenges Curly's leadership. Alma calls at her flat for a last few belongings, Gail waits in anguish for Martin, Fred wrecks Santa's Grotto after no one buys his reindeer meat. |