# List of Coronation Street home video releases
> Network releases

| Year | Episodes |
| --- | --- |
| 2000 | The Millennium party and Raquel's return, The Rovers robbery and Leanne is attacked. Gail finds out Sarah is pregnant. Alison's funeral, Rebecca leaves for Dubai. Tyrone proposes to Maria on Blackpool Tower. The aftermath of Mike and Linda's wedding. Audrey tells Fred she can't marry him, Curly proposes to Emma Mr and Mrs contest in The Rovers, Andrea Clayton returns. Jim and Liz get married again. Jack agrees to pay Terry for the operation. |
| 2001 | The Grimshaws move into No.11, Todd's first appearance. Ken meets Adam. The aftermath of Toyah's rape. The Rovers drag night. Alma's funeral. Roy and Hayley appear in court, Hayley refuses to accept bail conditions and is remanded. Maxine and Matt sleep together. Mike is arrested on suspicion of murdering Linda, Maxine announces her pregnancy. Janice leaves Les for Dennis. |
| 2002 | Dennis is killed in a car accident. Mike's sixtieth birthday party. Richard kills Patricia. Bet arrives back for Betty's leaving do. Blanche falls down the stairs. Sarah is rushed to hospital after the car crash. Richard calls to see Audrey who has uncovered that he's a murderer. Richard attempts to smother Emily. |
| 2003 | Richard kills Maxine. Richard drives the Platts into the canal. Katy is held hostage Joe Carter tells Karen the truth about using her and leaves. Peter marries Shelley, Tracy drugs Roy and gets him upstairs. Shelley and Lucy discover the truth about Peter's double life. Todd tries to kiss Nick. Blanche discovers the truth about Tracy's pregnancy, Liz meets up with Bet in Blackpool. |
| 2004 | Steve and Karen get married — for the second time. Amy's christening. Gail and Eileen fight in the street. Eileen stands up for Todd; The search begins for Orchid. Billy's funeral. Maya steals Sunita's birth certificate. Dev and Sunita's engagement party. Maya sets fire and blows up the Corner Shop. Claire and Ashley's wedding and Karen accidentally kidnaps Amy. |
| 2005 | Katy murders her dad Tommy. Ray dies in the Rovers at Ken and Deirdre's wedding reception. Bev accuses Charlie of domestic abuse against Shelly, and confronts him in the Rovers. Carol gatecrashes the Baldwins dinner, and Danny and Leanne are nearly caught in bed. Shelly jilts Charlie at their wedding. Danny's reeling after discovering Mike is his father. Les and Cilla Marry. The Baldwins worry about Mike. |
| 2006 | Emily is horrified when she learns that Ed killed Ernest. Mike dies in Kens arms. Jason escapes his and Sarah's wedding through a toilet window. Fred dies after telling Audrey he's always had feelings for her but is still marrying Bev. Craig and Rosie plan to elope to Berlin. Tracy and Maria brawl in the street. Danny finds Jamie and Frankie in bed together. David gives Gail Ivy's diary; and Maureen Webster returns. |
| 2007 | Tracy kills Charlie. Tracy confesses the truth to Deirdre. The fire takes hold of the Peacock's house. Paul and Leanne are involved in a car crash. Steve unknowingly chats up a transvestite. Rosie and John begin their affair. David contemplates suicide as Sarah and Jason's wedding begins. Jim returns for Liz and Vernon's wedding. |
| 2008 | Jack tries to come to terms with Vera's death. Maria and Liam's wedding. David accidentally pushes Gail down the stairs. Liam admits his feelings for Carla. Vernon has a song for Liz -'Don't Fall into the Mason's Arms. Liam is killed in a hit-and-run arranged by Tony. Fiz discovers Rosie locked in Johns grandmothers attic. The wedding of Carla and Tony. |
| 2009 | Tony admits he murdered Liam. Paula announces Colin is Julie's father. Ken chooses between Deirdre and Martha. Mary invites Norris for dinner in her motorhome. Blanche attends the AA meeting. Becky and Steve get married. Rita tells Emily that Ramsay has died; Norris visits his grave. Sally tells Kevin she has cancer. |